as Albert Einstein said the world is we
have created it is a process of our
thinking it cannot be changed without
changing our thinking the world that
we're all living in is our own
construction and I think that's the
thing that people are missing we have
literally created this world and if this
world is delusion if this world is
destruction if this world is filled with
more bad than it is good then that is a
process of our thinking that is a
revelation of how our minds work it is a
revelation of what we have built
internally so as Leo Tolstoy said
everyone thinks of changing the world
but no one thinks of changing themselves
if we're actually going to make change
in the world if those things that you
have in your mind the vision of what you
want to bring to the world all of the
ills that you want to correct if you're
actually going to correct them you have
to look inward and begin asking how is
this your responsibility what are the
things in your thinking that have helped
manifest this world that have benefited
the problems in your own life and that
will my friends I promise you manifest
the solutions and as Stephen Hawking
pointed out the greatest enemy of
knowledge is not ignorance it's the
illusion of knowledge
we think we know something that we don't
we think we have the answers we think
within us already right now are the
fundamental building blocks that we're
going to need in order to build
something new but the truth is the only
thing that we already have is the
willingness to look the willingness to
change to leverage the things that we
have but we have to build something
entirely new we have to understand that
we don't yet know enough that we are not
adequate then we have to look at
ourselves and be willing to stare naked
ly at our inadequacies and to adjust
them to fix them to not hide behind ego
to not pretend or worse believe that
we're already who we need to be because
the only promise I can make you is
you're not yet the person you need to be
to execute to create the change that you
want to make
but I can also promise you that you can
come that that if you're willing to do
the hard work of looking internally and
building something new if you're willing
to tear yourself down if you're willing
to brick by brick disassembled that
thing that has been built by accident
inside of you and move forward with a
new level of intention and build
something an entirely new structure with
your eyes open with embracing and
accepting a lack of knowledge but never
ignorant of not holding on to old ideas
but to ask of everything that you choose
to believe does this move me towards my
goals or not and if it does then you do
it if it does you believe it even more
but if it doesn't right then right there
you drop it then you make room for the
new then you can build what you want to
build then
we'll have the change that we want
[Music]